strong winds sweep across the stricken
land
as they surged over the kalahari they
whip up huge dust storms
[Music]
the confu uh nervous
they're disorientated and lose touch
with each other
[Music]
the storm sends them fleeing in all
directions
[Music]
the storm finally passes but in the
chaos the group has become split up they
are desperate to find each other
[Music]
eventually clinky comes across one of
her pups its squirt but his brother
weenie is missing
pinkie spots another group
are they rivals
she doesn't quite know whether to lead
her diminished family into battle or to
free but as they come closer they
recognize each other it's the rest of
their family
[Music]
squirtin weenie are reunited
the kungfu have survived the worst
drought for ten years squirt and we need
are learning how to look after
themselves and clinky has all her family
around her
as they rest at sunset there through the
worst the pups are now successfully
through their most vulnerable stage and
together again as a big group they're
better placed than most to survive
whatever challenges are set to come
their way